迈克尔-杰克逊遗嘱全文曝光(中英文对照版)
　　新浪娱乐讯 迈克尔-杰克逊七年前订立的遗嘱美国当地时间1日正式呈送洛杉矶高等法院备案。遗嘱声明全部财产交付信托基金，他的母亲凯瑟琳-杰克逊获得三个子女的监护权，而前妻黛博拉·罗则一无所获。这份遗嘱共分五页，由迈克尔·杰克逊于2002年7月7日订立，迈克尔指定他的律师布兰卡、音乐制作人麦克兰和会计师西格尔为遗嘱执行人。
　　迈克尔在遗嘱中声明，他的全部财产(当时估计超过五亿美元)交付“迈克尔·杰克逊家庭信托基金”，并指定他的母亲凯瑟琳·杰克逊和三名子女为遗产受益人。在子女监护权方面，迈克尔指定母亲凯瑟琳-杰克逊为三名未成年子女的监护人，如果凯瑟琳去世或不愿承担监护权，则由黛安娜-罗斯(美国黑人女歌手)担任子女监护人。
　　以下为杰克逊遗嘱中文版内容：
　　迈克尔-杰克逊最后遗嘱
　　我，迈克尔-杰克逊，加州居民，宣布以下是我最后遗嘱，先前所做的遗嘱和附属条款全部无效。
　　一、
　　我宣布我目前没有婚姻关系。我同黛比-罗的婚姻关系已经解除。我有三名在世的子女，普林斯-迈克尔-杰克逊，帕丽斯-迈克尔-凯瑟琳-杰克逊，普林斯-迈克尔-杰克逊II。我没有其他子女，在世的或是已经死去的。
　　二、
　　这份遗嘱代表了我处置有自由处置权的全部财产的意愿。我放弃在我死亡时的财产处置权。
　　三、
　　我将全部财产交付委托管理人管理，我曾做出一份修改和重新表述的信托声明并于2002年3月22日执行，通过迈克尔-杰克逊家庭信托明确了委托人和委托管理人关系，在我死前所作的任何修正都是有效的。委托管理的全部财产的保有、管理和分配都将根据规章执行，不能视为单独的依遗嘱建立的信托基金。
　　如果因为任何原因导致这份遗产失效，或上述信托基金破产或被撤销，我将剩余财产转交给迈克尔-杰克逊家庭基金任命的其他委托管理人，该信托基金于2002年3月22日进行了章程修改和重新表述。我授权委托管理人按信托基金条款分割、管理、保有和分配信托基金，如上述条款同修订和重新表述的信托宣言一样适用同样范围和同等方式。修订和重新表述的信托宣言在此全文表述，但并没有规定可以进行任何的后续修改。委托管理人或任何继承委托管理人应依照执行。
　　四、
　　我指定所有因我死亡或在我死亡之时需支付的联邦遗产税和州继承税(简称“遗产税”)由迈克尔•杰克逊家庭信托基金财产支付，包括由我的遗嘱检验财产归入以上基金的财产部分应由上述受托人按照相关条款进行。本遗嘱所涉遗产之外的遗产税，除了构成基金财产的部分，应由上述财产获得者支付。
　　五、
　　我指定约翰•布兰卡、约翰•麦克伦和巴里•希杰尔作为此遗嘱共同执行人。如出现他们死亡、放弃、无行为能力、未能或者拒绝继续作为遗嘱共同执行人的情形，其他执行人应继续履行，不得指定其他代执行人。共同执行人在我死后可指定一名或多名代执行人履行此三名执行人不愿或不能实现的行为。
　　“我的执行人”一词在此遗嘱中应包括任何适时行为的财产个人代表。有此行为的个人无需签署任何契约。
　　我在此授予我的执行人完全权力在任何时间出售、出租、抵押、交换或以其他方式处理财产，不论是不动产，还是个人财产，以继续企业贸易、购买资产、购买保险，包括人寿保险，或为以上目的而缔约、履行或交付契约、合同、抵押、抵押证?或其他必要的形式。另外，我赋予我的执行人完全权力对财产基金以任何形式的财产、不动产、个人或混合财产进行投资、再投资，包括但不限于各种形式的公司债务，首选或普通股，对信托基金投资和投资公司股份的投资，以及由共同执行人管理的任何普通信托基金。
　　六、
　　除了在遗嘱中提到的信托基金外，我是有意识的没有留遗产给我的继承人以及前妻子戴布拉-简-罗薇-杰克逊(DEBORAH JEAN ROWE JACKSON)。
　　七、
　　在我去世时，如果我拥有加州以外的房产，或者享有加州以外房产的收益需要做附加遗产监管，我指定我的遗嘱执行人(domiciliary Executor)作为这些财产的附加遗产监管人(ancillary Executor)。我给与遗嘱执行人以下额外的权利和义务，他们可以自行处理以下提到的财产：
　　当有遗产需要附加遗产监管时，他们可以决定是否要出售部分遗产；他们可以从遗产中直接获得，或是洛杉矶地产的预付经费中获得来支付所有的债权，税务，花费以及管理费用，其中也包括补偿附加遗产监管人以及律师的费用；当附件遗产监管结束时，我授权并且制定我的附加遗产监管人将剩余财产转到遗产执行人名下，由他们监管和控制，并且在当地法律允许的情况下，可以对这些附加财产做出任何有必要的处置。
　　八、
　　如果在我死时我的孩子仍未成年，那么我指定我的母亲，凯瑟琳-杰克逊(KATHERINE JACKSO)为孩子的监护人，并且保管属于这个未成年孩子的遗产。如果凯瑟琳-杰克逊已经去世，没有能力或者不愿意担当监护人，那么我指定戴安娜-罗斯(DIANA ROSS)作为监护人。
　　签名时间：2002年7月7日
　　迈克尔-约瑟夫-杰克逊(MICHAEL JOSEPH JACKSON)
　　在签名时间下面，迈克尔-约瑟夫-杰克逊向我们宣布，以上的5页，包括我们签名作为见证人的那页，将会成为他的遗嘱，并且要求我们作为他的遗嘱见证人。他随后当着我们的面签名，当时我们所有人都在场。而我们应他的请求，当着他的面也签下我们的名字，作为遗嘱的见证人。
　　我们都已经过了18周岁，可以胜任见证人一职，我们也都居住在加州。
　　*遗产执行人必须和被继承人住在同一个州
　　我们都和迈克尔-约瑟夫-杰克逊意见一致。此时，他已经年满18周岁，就我们所知，意识健全，并没有收到束缚，胁迫，欺骗或是在过度压力下曲解意思。
　　我们宣誓没有触犯伪证罪条款，上述所有内容都属实。
　　此遗嘱从2002年7月7日下午5点开始生效 洛杉矶
　　(林筱、娟娟、西风/编译)
　　以下为杰克逊遗嘱英文全文：
　　LAST WILL OF MICHAEL JOSEPH JACKSON
　　I, MICHAEL JOSEPH JACKSON, a resident of the State of California, declare this to be my last Will, and do hereby revoke all former wills and codicils made by me.
　　I
　　I declare that I am not married. My marriage to DEBORAH JEAN ROWE JACKSON has been dissolved. I have three children now living, PRINCE MICHAELJACKSON, JR., PARIS MICHAELKATHERINEJACKSON and PRINCE MICHAEL JOSEPHJACKSON,IT.I have no other children，living or deceased.
　　II
　　It is my intention by this Will to dispose of all property which I am entitled to Dispose of by will. I specifically refrain from exercising all powers of appointment that I may possess at the time of my death.
　　III
　　I give my entire estate to the Trustee or Trustees then acting under that certain Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust executed on March 22, 2002 by me as Trustee and Trustor which is called the MICHAEL JACKSON FAMILY TRUST, giving effect to any amendments thereto made prior to my death. All such assets shall be held, managed and distributed as a part of said Trust according to its terms and not as a separate testamentary trust.
　　If for any reason this gift is not operative or is invalid, or if the aforesaid Trust fails or has been revoked, I give my residuary estate to the Trustee or Trustees named to act in the MICHAEL JACKSON FAMILY TRUST, as Amended and Restated on March 22,2002, and I direct said Trustee or Trustees to divide, administer, hold and distribute the trust estate pursuant to the provisions of said Trust, as hereinabove referred to as such provisions now exist to the same extent and in the same manner as though that certain Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, were herein set forth in full, but without giving effect to any subsequent amendments after the date of this Will. The Trustee, Trustees, or any successor Trustee named in such Trust Agreement shall serve without bond.
　　IV
　　I direct that all federal estate taxes and state inheritance or succession taxes payable upon or resulting from or by reason of my death (herein "Death Taxes") attributable to property which is part of the trust estate of the MICHAEL JACKSON FAMILY TRUST, including property which passes to said trust from my probate estate shall be paid by the Trustee of said trust in accordance with its terms. Death Taxes attributable to property passing outside this Will, other than property constituting the trust estate of the trust intentioned in the preceding sentence, shall be charged against the taker of said property.
　　V
　　I appoint JOHN BRANCA, JOHN McCLAIN and BARRY SlliGEL as co-Executors of this Will. In the event of any of their deaths, resignations, inability, failure or refusal to serve or continue to serve as a co-Executor, the other shall serve and no replacement need be named. The co-Executors serving at any time after my death may name one or more replacements to serve in the event that none of the three named individuals is willing or able to serve at anytime.
　　The term "my executors" as used in this Will shall include any duly acting personal representative or representatives of my estate. No individual acting as such need post a bond.
　　I hereby give to my Executors, full power and authority at any time or times to sell, lease, mortgage, pledge, exchange or otherwise dispose of the property, whether real or, personal comprising my estate, upon such terms as my Executors shall deem best, to continue any business enterprises, to purchase assets from my estate, to continue in force and pay insurance premiums on any insurance policy, including life insurance, owned by my estate, and for any of the foregoing purposes to make, execute and deliver any and all deeds, contracts, mortgages, bills of sale or other instruments necessary or desirable therefor. In addition, I give to my Executors full power to invest and reinvest the estate funds and assets in any kind of property, real, personal or mixed, and every kind of investment, specifically including, but not by way of limitation, corporate obligations of every kind and stocks, preferred or common, and interests in investment trusts and shares in investment companies, and any common trust fund administered by any corporate executor hereunder, which men of prudent discretion and intelligence acquire for their own account.
　　VI
　　Except as otherwise provided in this Will or in the Trust referred to in Article III hereof, I have intentionally omitted to provide for my heirs. I have intentionally omitted to provide for my former wife, DEBORAH JEAN ROWE JACKSON.
　　Ⅶ
　　If at the time of my death I own or have an interest in property located outside of the State of California requiring ancillary administration, I appoint my domiciliary Executors as ancillary Executors for such property. I give to said domiciliary Executors the following additional powers, rights and privileges to be exercised in their sole and absolute discretion, with reference to such property: to cause such ancillary administration to be commenced, carried on and completed; to determine what assets, if any, are to be sold by the ancillary Executors; to pay directly or to advance funds from the California estate to the ancillary Executors for the payment of all claims, taxes, costs and administration expenses, including compensation of the ancillary Executors and attorneys' fees incurred by reason of the ownership of such property and by such ancillary administration; and upon completion of such ancillary administration, I authorize and direct the ancillary Executors to distribute, transfer and deliver the residue of such property to the domiciliary Executors herein, to be distributed by them under the terms of this Will, it being my intention that my entire estate shall be administered as a unit and that my domiciliary Executors shall supervise and control, so far as permissible by local law, any ancillary administration proceedings deemed necessary in the settlement of my estate.
　　Ⅷ
　　If any of my children are minors at the time of my death, I nominate my mother, KATHERINE JACKSON as guardian of the persons and estates of such minor children. If KATHERINE JACKSON fails to survive me, or is unable or unwilling to act as guardian, I nominate DIANA ROSS as guardian of the persons and estates of such minor children.
　　I subscribe my name to this Will this 7 day of July, 2002
　　MICHAEL JOSEPH JACKSON
　　On the date written below, MICHAELJOSEPH JACKSON, declared to us, the undersigned, that the foregoing instrument consisting of five (5) pages, including the page signed by us as witnesses, was his Will and requested us to act as witnesses to it. He thereupon signed this Will in our presence, all of us being present at the same time. We now, at his request, in his presence and in the presence of each other, subscribe our names as witnesses.
　　Each of us is now more than eighteen(18) years of age and a competent witness and resides at the address set forth after his name.
　　Each of us is acquainted with MICHAEL JOSEPH JACKSON. At this time, he is over the age of eighteen(18) years and, to the best of our knowledge, he is of sound mind and is not acting under duress, menace, fraud, misrepresentation or undue influence.
　　We declare under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct.
　　Executed on July 7th, 2002 at 5:00pm, Los Angeles
 

